Lin Wood  0:00  
I want to thank you, I want to thank you joy for that beautiful song. I want to thank everyone here because I know you're here because you love America. I know you're here because you love Donald Trump and he loves you.

You're here because we the people will not let them steal our vote. We will not let them steal our freedom. Every lie will be revealed. And on January the 20th of 2021 Donald J. Trump will be sworn in as president of the United States of America.

I'd like for you to bow your heads for a moment of prayer. Almighty God, our Father in heaven, Jesus Christ, our Savior, hallowed be thy name.

Thy kingdom come Thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven. Almighty God you created this country. We are a country under God. We know that if you do not protect our country.

The watchman wake is in vain. We pray that you protect America. We pray that you protect our freedom. Save our country, save our president. Forgive us of our shortcomings and forgive us of our sins. Holy Spirit, fill this room. fill these speakers.

We pray in your name. We pray in the name of the father of the son of the Holy Spirit. Amen. A man that had the courage to represent me when I filed a lawsuit in the 11th circuit.

He's also representing the United States in a lawsuit filed in Georgia. Ray Smith a

couple of other couple other great Americans been fighting for a long time. CJ Pearson.

Alexander you gotta like the name. I'll leave. I got to leave needs no introduction. Where's our man? Where's our man? burning Jones? Where are you burning?

Another great American gentleman. Thank you. There's another man. I know where he is. But he's not here. He's not in the White House. He's not the President of the United States. But I know this man. And I know what he's doing right now. I know what he's been doing for many, many years. He's been fighting for America. And he's been fighting for you the people for the last several years. He's been fighting the same people that persecuted him for years and false We accused him for years.

They're trying to steal our country from us. Give it up for General Michael Flynn. Promise this to the general who will be our General George Washington.

I promise this and I know you the people will join me in promising we're gonna fight like a fan. And when we do and we will, will fight like

to make America great again. We're gonna send a message. We're gonna send a message. From wills park in Alpharetta, Georgia,

to the state capitol in the golden dome of Georgia. To the governor's mansion of Georgia, we're going to send him a message. And the message is this is 1776 in America again. You're not gonna take our freedom. We're gonna fight for our liberty. We're gonna send that message from Willis park today, and we're gonna send it all the way over to Beijing, China. We're not gonna let you take our country over.

This is America with the wrong people. We're gonna send that message. We're gonna send that message to George Soros. We are not going to allow ourselves to go back into the polling booth. Governor, can you hear me? While you hide in your closet? you hear us? You hear the people Brad raffensperger. Lieutenant Governor Jeffrey Duncan, you hear it too? making a ton of money. Gabriel Sterling. You're not going to sell our votes to China. Machines made in China. Machines made in the USA. I'll tell you what.

I believe

that a great man one time called upon the black Americans to take action. We're not here for violence. But Martin Luther King Jr. believed in nonviolent civil disobedience, civil disobedience. I want you to go to the governor's mansion. I want you to circle it. I want you have all your horns. But you're blind Kim comes out and orders a special session of the Georgia legislature. Get us our legislature legislators to fix the mess that he created

and then he can resign

as far as I'm concerned, lock him up. There's a few others that need to go with it.

Now, everybody's been reading the media stop to lie. Stick with Newsmax. They tell you the truth. They tell you the truth. This is the battle between good and evil. This is the battle between truth. And last. I'm going to introduce now person. It's going to tell you the truth. They want to know, where's your evidence? Show us your evidence. Oh, we're gonna show them the evidence. There's piles of evidence. There's mountains of evidence. This election was a fraud on America. Donald Trump won a massive landslide victory unparalleled in the history of this country. And he's gonna stay in the White House, because we the people and we the people run this country, this country belongs to you. And you and you, you

challenge. I've challenged governor Kemp to step up in front of the people put his hand on his Bible and tell us that he did not take money from China. So he Brian Ravensburger, they will put their hand on this Bible and swear to the contrary, because if they do, they will commit perjury is another reason to lock them up.

The person is leading the charge. I've been with her when she's worked 23 hours a day. I've seen the young people fighting for America, under her charge and leadership. And let me tell you, you can call the cracking but she's Sidney Powell.

Sydney Powell  12:55  
Thank you.

Thank you all.

Thank you all so much.

That makes

we feel your prayers. I feel your prayers that General Flynn and I throughout the ordeal we have been through have felt the prayers of you and millions of people all across the country and frankly from around the world who have helped us face everything we have faced and have the strength to proceed every day to keep fighting for the truth.

Americans around the world and peace freedom loving people around the world are starved for the truth. And for freedom. That is exactly what they have all tried to take away from all of us. It's been increasing exponentially for the last 20 years. It's unbelievable to me As a child of the 50s, that grew up, and just an amazing time in this country, when you could walk to school safely and have friends of all kinds, and there was none of the divisiveness, and at least in my life and the lives of my friends, regardless of their color that we see,

in the world of real americans, we're not defined by who we look like, what we look like what color we are, or anything else. We're defined by our love for freedom, and liberty, and justice for all.

on which this extraordinary nation was founded. Those are the values American values, God family country, are the values we must return to now.

We will not allow ourselves to continue to be influenced by flat out communism, socialism, any of the dark forces that have come to impose their will on so many of us.

Now is the time for every patriot in this country to stand up, make their voices heard, and be counted.

Every person serving in a public office, whether it be local, county, state, or federal works for you. You pay them and you're supposed to be able to elect them with your lawful and rightful votes.

There was an is still massive voter fraud across this country took all forms. It was not just the Dominion machines, we have experts in a witness who have explained to us that the fraud exists in the DNA of all the software that was run by any voting system in the country. So they all are at risk of having been manipulated. I think we will eventually find that the algorithm that flipped votes at a certain percentage to from Trump to Mr. Biden was run all across the country, there might be a few areas that it wasn't used in, but not many. And then we have the extraordinary evidence of unexplicable spikes, I mean, hundreds of thousands of spikes in votes, we can see them injected into the system, sometimes at a rate of 90% for Biden and 10%. For trough, we all know that defies reality.

You can't flip a coin 300,000 times and have it always land on heads. There are lots of people that got cheated, and it went even local races.

Lots of congressional seats, Senate seats. I agree there should not be a runoff certainly not on Dominion machines.

I think I would encourage all Georgians to make it known that you will not vote at all until your vote is secure.

And I mean that regardless of party. We can't live in a republic a free Republic, unless we know our votes are legal and secure. So we must have voter ID and we probably must go back to paper ballots.

letters that are signed and have your thumbprint on them.

And we certainly should be able to find a system that can count them, even if it has to be done by hand.

What we have experienced the last four years both with respect to General Flynn and President Trump is unacceptable in the United States of America.

We expect that in Venezuela, unfortunately, where the Dominion systems and smartmatic technology first took root and was used to ensure the election of Hugo Chavez, the brutal dictator. I'm still wondering what role our three letter agencies had in the creation and distribution of that.

I knew the swamp was really bad, but it's at least 20% worse than I thought it was. There is a whole lot of draining that's gonna have to be done.

And that's why that's why they have fought so hard to get rid of President Trump and tried every dirty, nasty, evil illegal trick in the book to do it

is pure evil. We've already traced a lot of the money that did this back to China. We have internet, white hat hackers, I think they call them who saw backdoors open in the system and saw people and Iran and China and Hong Kong and Serbia, and I don't know how many countries having influence in our election system.

All of those must come to a screeching halt right now.

You and your children and your grandchildren and their children deserve the very best America has to

offer.

The only thing that really distinguishes us from other countries is our love of freedom and the application of the rule of law. It hasn't been applied fairly or equally in probably two decades. We must demand that that change right now.

We will give all our evidence to the Department of Justice as soon as we get it pulled together.

I wish I could say I didn't have concerns about how that would be handled. But unfortunately I still do. It's gonna take a lot of indictments and fast to show us that they really mean business because there has been flagrant election fraud. We have evidence of everything from people buying votes, with checks written from a business on K Street in DC. Two ballots being shredded. A balance being manufactured ballots coming across the border from Mexico that are counterfeit, a plane full of ballots that came in ballots distributed across state lines after being faked. There is no kind of voter fraud that hasn't been experienced this year across the country.

Georgia was absolutely full of it. Why? voter fraud but so are other states including North Carolina and Virginia, Pennsylvania. Went solid for Trump. Yep, there still.

So we need to flood the legislators here in Georgia and the governor and the Secretary of State with phone calls and letters. Everybody feels like they're not being listened to. And that's just not right. This is this is your state and your country and they need to remember they work for you.

I just want to thank you all so much for caring enough to be here today.

It is my honor. And I know if Lynne feels like it's his honor, and so does the rest of our significant team who have been working day and night since the election, none of whom have been paid a dime yet, although we do what people have been generating, contributing generously to defending the republic.org. But we haven't even had time to get the stuff set up to write a check to pay any but we're too busy fighting the fight. But thank you. I know you have my six. And we all really appreciate that. Once again, you inspire us. God bless you and God bless America.

Lin Wood  27:12  
God bless you. God bless you. God bless all the people here. Danny Hamilton, I want to thank Danny Hamilton. He drives our drum buss, thank you, Danny. Read the United States Constitution. And here's what it makes clear. All the power, not some of the power. All of the power belongs to the people.

This is our country. We tell government what they can and cannot do. They do not control the people. This is our country.

The walls of Jericho.

People play in this country. The walls of Jericho and God Almighty is gonna tear the walls down. And we're gonna

you send that message to Bill bar at the Justice Department. Do your job.

You work for US Attorney General Barr, do your job. You tell the director the FBI, do your damn job. You work for us, investigate this fraud and tell the director of the Central Intelligence Agency get out of our country. You're not gonna ever do it again in America. Thank God for Donald Trump. God Almighty created. He created Donald Trump and he gave him a task to fulfill in his life. And that was to be President of the United States in 2020. And he's going to be president knighted states for four more years watching

People will not allow it

to be taken away from them and neither and neither will Almighty God God's going to save this country and he's going to use every one of you to do he's going to fill you with the spirit of King David the warrior. We are rocking we're gonna slay the communist the liberals come up here burning Jones a great American Dream Come up here. God bless Vernon Jones

Vernon Jones  31:10  
This is help me just for a minute. Julian house Come on Come on. gonna come up this country

Georgia,

Georgia House of Representatives to serve the Constitution of the State of Georgia is my obligation and my duty to get your questions answered.

I am in support and calling for a special session in the Georgia

Hi is now a third world country. States of America and I'm not just doing it for Republicans. I'm doing it for Democrats I'm doing for every single person who live in the state of Georgia.

You deserve 100 members of the House And you're watching another face To 68 senators We should Constitution Day. Ask the authority to set all the rules and regulations as relates to state law for elections, not the Secretary of State.

We should have that oversight. That's why we need we need Have a special session so we can look With Rothenburg, again. In this agreement We're Stacey Abrams in that group. was not offered.

We asked I'm known for black or white And Democratic voters and Republican voters and libertarians were standing They all should be on this stage. They all should be on the stage. You I don't want to see my country. go any further left the manufacturers put it in reverse Hit That's why I'm so hoarding several days Purdue and Senator Kevin After and I'll tell you why. Talking about stay at home. Come on down the king Think about all those folks who fall in them. They were kicked and they were be Someone who even killed Justin To go and vote The key was standing for you there. Today is your country. You The politicians they will hire you You have to come out I'ma tell you Georgia has s3 The battle Georgia has History of fighting Take this. Back to Joe Washington We're gonna fight for this country with a whole The line like America has held the line in every war with ever been Georgia is the battleground state. Georgia The one

Hold on more

Lin Wood  35:53  
burne-jones now lavorgna job Vernon Jones all more or less Didn't we are different But I'm more disagree with Vernon Jones. Where's Kelly offer here? Where's David Perdue, we ought to be standing right here.

Go watch all the things they tell you what we're selling. Brian Kim, get a special session. of the legislature now. Do not be fooled twice. This is Georgia Wei Dong We're not going to go vote on January 5, and another machine made by China. You're not gonna fool Georgians again. If Kelly Laufer wants your vote. David Perdue wants your vote. They've got to earn it. They've got to demand publicly. Rokita repeatedly, consistently, Brian Kim call a special session of the Georgia legislature. And if they do not do it, if Kelly Laufer and David Perdue do not do it. They have not earned your vote. Don't you give it to them? Why would you go back and vote in another rigged election, for God's sakes fix it. You gotta fix it before we'll do it again. They've already got 800,000 absentee ballots in China sitting over here stamping them with a computer, signing the names. They sold this election from Doug Collins, Doug needs to stand up and fight. There needs to be the electors chosen from the state of Georgia at a special session of the legislature to vote for Donald J. Trump.

election on January the fifth, an entire down ballot vote. That's fair. That's honest, where nobody can cheat us again. So the message needs to be sent. If they care about the people, they'll support we the people. Remember, they don't have the power. They just have the name senator in front of their names because you gave it to them. Excuse me, Brian Kemp gave it to the people voted democrat voted Republican. I tried to vote sometimes for the lesser of the two evils. That's what happened when I voted for Brian Kemp over Stacey Abrams. He'll never get my vote again. Be so go back down and get a shotgun and go shoot quail and Dove and let the people run the state of Georgia. Get out. Get out of the mansion. You don't deserve to be here. Get out of the basement. And take Grand Rapids burger with you. And take Jeffrey Duncan with you to shoot and leave Georgia alone because you're not doing maybe it's time. Maybe it's time to look beyond the Democrats and the Republicans. Maybe it's time for there to be a party of the people. Maybe there's time for it to be a party of American patriots, because I see American patriots everywhere. And American patriots love America. We're not going to be taken over by the Chinese. If you take China money. Go to China. don't serve your pockets with Chinese money when we buy dominion over your your bother COVID equipment from the people that send the virus over here. You don't buy books from enemies. Tell that to Brian Kim, because that's what he did. Sidney Powell and I want to answer your questions. In 2020 for

America.

I told you I'm not partisan. for governor How about some good, solid, hard working American patriot out of the crowd of people I see here today. run for governor. Take back your state.

I support Donald Trump because he loves the people I spoke with him the other day call me. I want you to know one thing that he told me.

He knows he won this election. He said if I lost this election fair and square, I would concede. But he said, Leon, I didn't lose it. I want it. And he said to me, with the conviction of the President of the United States of America, I will never concede. Don't you ever conceive Mr. President, you won this election voted for you stay in the White House. When you get out front like this, sometimes people say you're trying to make money. I don't want your money. God's given me enough and Enough is enough. But I will tell you to support my foundation, hashtag fight back. I formed into five months ago to defend and preserve and protect the Constitution, our rights, and I'm going to do it. You don't have to vote for me. You don't have to give me any money but go to hashtag fight. back wall, fight back dodgeball, and look at what we're trying to do and help us. Now I want to tell you a personal story if you don't mind. I was 16 years old

Tell the story first. That bus Mr Hammond are over 1000 people here today. Give them And give them a round of applause.

I was 16 years old. My mother died went to the Morgan my father went to prison. I didn't have one gun down in my pocket.

The talent that God gave me and I had the fighting spirit to make it but in any other country in the world, I would not have made it Made it because I was born in America and America gave me the opportunity to succeed in my life. And that's why I love America. And that's why I want to fight for America. That's why you got to fight for America. This is our country

from us It's 1776

This is our This is our This is for free seven Suddenly send a message from Georgia battleground state of Georgia. starts here today it will spark in this land. In this place with these people, we're gonna take our country back again. It's 1776 god bless you and God bless America.

Speaker1  45:10  
God bless America. In this place and And the reason it is is because what the left doesn't seem to understand is that we love this country so much so that we will fight for this country. So much so They made the mistake of thinking that we were just gonna roll over and take it that we were gonna let them seal the selection that we weren't going to let them make Joe Biden president of these United States

Not in my America.

They made the mistake of thinking that we were so Have a party of Mitt Romney, the party of john mccain. They didn't know how to fight. They don't realize Now that we're the party of Donald J Trump we're the party fighters. We're the party of courageous people. who lay it all out on the field

and fight for this nation because

if we don't

Well

America is the greatest nation. In the world, but in is not great by accident. It's great by the continued activism of both Americans like yourself to see that America. While it is great, it takes work for it to be great. Freedom just doesn't exist. It's preserved. Liberty just wasn't created. It was brought into action by patriots who had the courage to go out and fight for something they believed in. That is what we are here today because America is so great.

You will too.

Lin Wood  47:08  
If you'll help us do this doesn't like Brian camp in Grand Rapids Bergen. We're gonna answer your questions. So what am I asking you to do? We've got to do it very often. Fashion boys. If you can come around to the bus and we'll get a line here and pull you up here you can ask your question Sidney Powell. If I was sitting there, she's the smart one. We'll give you the answers will tell you the truth. So if anybody has a question, if you can kind of make your way around here, I'll get some on the front row. Before I do that. There's a lot of people that have not been on the stage today. Their names have not been mentioned. I could call out some people, my staff, Kimberly Bennett, Bob, so ban, that there's a host of people that love this country, members of the staff, Brian castleberry. Jake, we've had so many people help us. I've had 10s of thousands of emails sent to me, telling me how they got cheated. offering to help people love this country. And I want to thank every one of them, even if they're not named, they know who they are. God bless him. anybody, anybody? If you're trying to give your question to us this clearly, shortly and succinctly, here we go. Come on.

This is the people stage. Why don't you tell us who you are and ask you a question. And Walsh

people1  48:58  
and my question is, first of all, Sydney, you're my hero. She's ever had the chance? Um, what do you what should we say? Give us some responses to give to friends or loved ones

who think we're crazy.

I'm keeping the faith. I, I ingest the news that I choose to ingest. And I see that justice should prevail. But we have a lot of people who are

discouraged. And so they've kind of get some of them have given up. But what should we say to them? Other than that, we still believe?

Lin Wood  49:48  
Well, let me answer that. But I'm gonna tell you quickly what I tell them. You tell them the only one perfect man walked on the face of this earth. And they said he was crazy, too, but he wasn't crazy. He was Jesus Christ. Tell them they said the same thing about Jesus.

Sydney Powell  50:09  
These are very difficult times some of us have lost good friends. And family members have gone a different way over the fact that we are insisting on the truth. It's it's just extremely difficult. The Press, the mainstream press is effectively brainwashing people.

Yeah, I think the best way to try to approach it is to have like a calm, factual conversation. But at the same time, we have to realize that the power of the media to lie is so overwhelming, that it's very hard for some people who won't go to original source material or really be open to the facts to confront the reality that's really in front of them. Yeah, digital soldiers. General Flynn's digital soldiers have been a huge help in bringing us the truth. So there are lots of people you can follow on Twitter. But in terms of you know, those personal relationships that we've all lost, other than trying to keep loving them, and reaching out to them with the truth and maintaining that consistency? I don't know. There's no easy answer for that.

Lin Wood  51:42  
Thank you.

Also, you could also tell him, turn off the television. What was it Joe Biden said, Tell me go listen to the phonograph.

I would tell anybody to think for themselves. Don't accept what you read in the newspapers and what you see on TV. They're liars.

Go look up

a color revolution because that's what's going on in America right now. China's making its move because they need our land to grow their food. They Can't take four more years of Donald Trump protecting America. So keep your guard up. Defend yourself. And whatever it takes within the bounds of law. You fight for your freedom. Question.

people2  52:59  
Okay,

so my question is I've been hearing a lot about the Dominion switching votes in the computer. Okay. But when they did the hand recount in Georgia, why didn't we then see massive discrepancies between what the computer totals were and what the paper valid recounts? Were if they if they move 50,000, from, from Biden to Trump, why don't we see 50,000 less Biden votes in the recount? Random back to

Lin Wood  53:26  
the computer? Yeah, but,

people2  53:28  
but yeah, but then the paper ballots would have to match exactly.

Lin Wood  53:33  
If you get a hand count of the paper balance and envelopes on that cities. Donald Trump won Georgia by landslide.

Sydney Powell  53:46  
Georgia did not do a full hand recount of the ballots. In the one county where they did do the hand recount, we found exactly what you're talking about. It was a small precinct. I don't remember the total number of votes, but they flipped 37. from Trump to Biden in this very small precinct. It was point five, two, or 52%. Think of the votes there. So they waited Biden votes at 1.52. And they waited Trump votes at point four, eight, when the votes went into the machine to change them. We people have been destroying ballots right and left we have shredded ballots that we found. It wouldn't even be possible now in Georgia to accurately count the actual balance. Yeah, they have been destroying evidence they did. There was a fake a software update in Fulton County. They took the server they changed the server they've been destroying evidence right and left. They know they're caught. The reason? Well, there's several reasons why we can't we can't get it all one, they're destroying evidence and other the machines are actually built to even try to alter the audit trail for them. But we'd have to have a real hand count of every ballot and every envelope to get an accurate count of the votes. The

Lin Wood  55:31  
left some folks out real quick. Ask yourself this question. If you're sending money to the republican party in Georgia, or you sent any money to the National Republican Party,

where the

hell are they?

Where's Ronna? McDaniel?

Where's David Shaffer? Why are the republicans not fighting for Donald Trump? If they don't fight for Donald Trump, including lafleur and Shaffer, send them all home. Care you can't. BOARD MEMBER President's team I kind of person

people3  56:22  
we the people

want to know an answer to a

question.

What about

all the veiled companies that Brad raffensperger has what the various incorporated companies that Brad raffensperger has? We would like to know an answer to that question. When we look at incorporated company, I believe that is public record.

Lin Wood  57:05  
I know about fraud. Ask your company called avita. Stole $495 million of your taxpayer money. I got it back for you. The law of defamation says that if you make a false statement against somebody that's defamatory. They can sue you. Listen carefully, Governor camp Listen carefully. Brad raffensperger As a matter of fact, that you are criminals. You took money from dominion. You took money from China with the COVID purchase.

And I damn well bet you will never sue me because the truth

will prove

your need to

follow the

money. Follow the money. These fat cats sit around, spending your money, giving it to China, stick it in their family's pockets. That's not America. This country's got to get back to the truth. This is what you're here for. You're here because you love truth. And I love truth too. And I know as a matter of fact, spiritually and factually that only the truth will set you free.

Find the truth.

Let the people of Georgia know the truth. And let's get some new people running this state. Another question

people4  58:41  
people here voted early in person. How many people okay because at the precinct or I voted early in person in Dunwoody at the Dunwoody library,

um,

they did something illegal. I spoke with a congressperson yesterday who had me back up when I told them the story. And he was mortified to hear what I told them.

I told them

that after I pressed the stuff in the piece of paper came out. My daughter was with me. We were corralled over to a poll worker who looked at the top of the ballot for the QR code to tell us which scanner to scan our votes in.

Did that happen

to anyone else who was adjusted my precinct? How many other people did it happen to did they? Did they touch your ballot? A lot of people? Yes, they were there to separate scanners for everybody.

No,

okay. Well, it was illegal. They're not allowed to look at your ballot at all and why? Why did they have a scan into two separate scanners, one for Biden, and one for Trump?

Did you know that

the user manual for Dominion teaches them how to delete batches of ballots. Did you know that?

Did you know that?

Lin Wood  1:00:20  
I'll tell you what I didn't know xever in person. Buckhead library. I never knew that my vote was going to leave Fulton County pass through Venezuela, Canada find its way over to Barcelona or Frankfurt. And that I cast it. And we just learned this on a machine with software that is 75% owned by the Communist Party of China. A Chinese machine I would never have done it. We've got to get back to simple rules. They had one of the most legitimate elections in recent history and Iraq. They voted by fingerprint. It's not that hard. Think about the millions and millions and millions of dollars that had been wasted running back through these China machines. He who has nothing to hide hides nothing. What is rad wolfensberger hiding? Follow the money follow those corporations. Find out what really happened to your vote and who sold it to China.

Junior High School. Gina haspel is the director of the CIA. Well, President Trump doesn't ask for my advice. If he did I give it to him about Gina haspel. Fire Gina haspel yesterday and fire Christopher Ray last week. permeates the Democrats. It permeates the Republicans. Donald Trump is fighting both parties right now. Republicans are not helping him. The Democrats are not going to ever help him. They want to, they want to get him out of office even so bad, they cheat openly. The only people that are helping Donald Trump are people like you and me. We the People are helping Donald Trump. Because we know that Donald Trump loves the people. I spoke with a close friend of the presidency six months ago, and he told me the first time the President ran, he thinking about building up his brand. And he decided to get out not run. And then he went across the country. And he talked to the people. And he decided to run because he knew that people didn't have representation. He ran for you, the people. So he's not going to stay in office because the Republican Party, he's going to stay in office, because we the people demanded it. When we voted for him, I've looked at the real numbers. They went over 410 electrical electoral votes. Near every state, including California

80 plus million votes.

We're not going to let them steal our election. We're not gonna let them steal our country. And we will die before we'll ever let them steal our freedom. We're not 1776 again. 56 men who signed the Declaration of Independence, they were pretty well off. They'd been in America for 100 plus years. And a lot to lose. The families, the plantation plantations, their fortunes, the good names that they had built up over the first hundred years before 1776 56 men sign the Declaration of Independence. Remember this part of that declaration? We pledge to each other. Our lives, our fortunes, and our sacred honor. And most of them lost their fortunes. Many of them lost their lives.

But they did it

for their children and their grandchildren and the generations to come. Because they did it for freedom. It's our time now. Your sacred honor to keep this country free. This is our country. Keep America free. God bless everyone. Go to the state capitol. Send a message. This is America. We're gonna keep it free. God bless you all, and God bless America.

people5  1:06:05  
Attorney when I'm not an attorney in Florida, Attorney up north.

We came down here because I helped on the Trump campaign this year in 2016.

election on

Canadian distress tried to go

in person on the day.

You were told no you can't go

in person. They were forced to get a provisional patent.

They asked me to help us get some paperwork, some evidence and

she printed it out. They got a printout for the show. This cow

Sydney Powell  1:09:06  
Across the country, if not around the world benefited from different views of these machines in the software technology for at least 15 years.

Many of you across the country

Venezuela Chavez right through all of it. Operations and then he saw operating election night from the special control room where they could flip the votes drag and drop and trash, whatever they wanted to trash and make sure he goes Chavez one his three election. And he said that when soon as he saw the voting stop in those days, the night of the election when all of a sudden, they all stopped. That was exactly what it happened. The vote was so overwhelmingly for Trump that they had to stop counting and golian and backfill with fake valance ballots or take time to inject votes into the machine that didn't exist in the trash Trump has. So yes, we the people in the United States are like the Donald Trump president, and we're not gonna quit and

Lin Wood  1:10:47  
we'll see you tomorrow at the state capitol. stay mad as

hell, we're not gonna take it anymore. How many of y'all have seen my mean mug? My name is Ali Alexander. I created stuff to steal in 2020 because I knew that Trump would be betrayed and we needed to bring people in the streets to wait for people like Glenn

Speaker2  1:11:32  
and Sydney. The Calvary is here, but we are the foot soldiers of the Capitol. So tomorrow 9am crews coming to the Capitol. During the capital markets, there are two state Senate Committees meeting. These committees wouldn't be meeting at 3000 of you didn't come to Atlanta the Saturday before the Thanksgiving weekend and thank you. We are changing the world. We are asking our Congress, our senators, our state senators and our state reps to do something that's never been done. We republicans don't have to lose the presidency. We control the state legislature. We control the Senate. We control the presidency. We control Arizona and Georgia electrically. Do not get up stay in the streets who street

Thank you.

One more announcement. If your name is Patricia Carter, please come see me. I have your driver's license. Patricia Carter. I don't want to use it to vote. Tomorrow at the Capitol calm between nine and 10 you'll find that information at stop the steel.us. We're gonna have hundreds out there outside the Capitol when the Chu state Senate Committees are meeting to talk about our votes.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
